Union Investment is one of the largest
fund management companies in Germany.
Its strength lies in its diversity,
both in terms of products
and services as well as
the teams involved.
This makes it all the more important
to have a unified digital presence
because disjointed
experiences, redundant developments
and inconsistent user experiences
impair competitiveness.
So we asked ourselves,
how can we present Union Investment
in a consistent and accessible
way in the Digital World?
Our answer?
The solid design system,
A solid foundation for success.
Developed exclusively
for union investment
and optimized for the future.
It makes things more reliable
and helps the brand stay strong.
The company wide design and code bases
is tailored to meet specific needs
from customer
facing portals to B2B interfaces
and internal applications.
This highly flexible
solution allows for faster,
more cost efficient results
by reusing
the same building blocks
over and over again.
This also contributes to sustainability
through reduced development costs
and energy
savings.
Design and development
work closely together,
with shared naming conventions and design
tokens forming
a common foundation.
Every design decision
is defined as a specific value
and applied to both design and code.
Components are responsive
and platform agnostic.
Suitable for desktop,
tablet and mobile screens.
We make sure our services
are accessible and sustainable.
Following WCAG 2.2 and keeping up
our performance,
this means that everyone can use
our services no matter
what their circumstances are.
The Solid Design System is built
and maintained
by a dedicated team
within Union Investment,
taking into account stakeholder
insights and requirements.
Right now, around 50 product teams
are using the Solid Design system.
The result proves us right
as digital innovation
drives the business to new heights.
And union investment thrives
in unity.